# CS-330
CS-330 Projects (Computer Graphics and Visualization)
1. How do I approach designing software?
> My general approach to developing software is a flexible and iterative, user-centered approach that incorporates feedback from stakeholders to ensure the software meets the client's needs. Throughout this course, I incorporated continuous feedback from my professor to improve and refine my project.
> For the final project, I created a 3D scene using an iterative, modular approach. Converting real life objects into basic 3D shapes was the first step in the design process. This step was followed by the addition of colors and textures to the 3D shapes. Finally, lighting was incorporated to fully capture the essence of each object. Each design step included a refinement and debugging phase based on feedback from my professor each week. The process of planning, designing, coding, testing, and refining software is an interactive approach that can be easily applied to future class assignments and future professional work.
2. How do I approach developing programs?
> This course offered a rare opportunity for me to receive continuous feedback from my professor throughout the term for my final project. This opportunity changed my software development strategy so that I could incorporate feedback and refine my project each week. Continuous feedback is an important part of the iterative approach to software development because it allows the programmer to refine the software project throughout the software development lifecycle.
3. How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
> One of the newer skills I developed in this course is the ability to develop and maintain modular code. Maintaining modular code allows the programmer to reuse the same code within a single project or in future projects. This skill can be applied to future courses or professional projects that require the development of complex software applications. For example, the camera functions that were developed for the final project can be used in future applications that require a customizable camera view system, such as a video game with an immersive world or an airplane simulation program.
